Kostadis Roussos: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, hello?
Wade Brown: Hello.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, Wade.
Kostadis Roussos: Is Gary joining us? I think Gary threatened he might not be able to.
Wade Brown: He literally just said he's going to join us, but has some weird logistics, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Wade Brown: But yeah, Stefan's not gonna make it, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: He said no?
Wade Brown: He said he… yesterday, he said he couldn't make it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I can't remember.
Wade Brown: You don't have to remember, it's in the channel.
Kostadis Roussos: I know. I was gonna go check in the channel. I realized I'm asking questions.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Wade, you win.
Wade Brown: When do I win?
Kostadis Roussos: One-way trip?
Wade Brown: Ow.
David Mendenhall: the internet.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I just died laughing, I thought it was funny. It was well done, well placed.
Wade Brown: I gotta drop Nathan off for a cruise, for, like, 10 days or something coming up.
Kostadis Roussos: This is coming back?
Wade Brown: Mad, maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: Do I need to call the cops to make sure he comes back? Like… That's what you're telling everybody.
Wade Brown: You call the cops IF he comes back, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, 10 days, you know, that's a long time. I've heard, I've heard, you know…
Wade Brown: Now, his family's taken a little Alaskan cruise together, or whatever.
Wade Brown: Wow.
David Mendenhall: Wait, you weren't invited?
Wade Brown: They're Mormon, let's just leave it at that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sorry.
David Mendenhall: Is he, like, not even out to them?
Wade Brown: Limited people, limited quantities, not the whole family. Mom and dad, yeah, like, one or two of the siblings, but not the whole family.
David Mendenhall: That's right.
Wade Brown: Oh, whatever.
David Mendenhall: Didn't know he was Mormon.
Wade Brown: Well, he's… not really. He is, like, a direct… well, I don't know how direct descendant of Joseph Smith, but somewhere in the lineage.
Wade Brown: You could say he's not practicing, gary, you're in the dark.
Gary: Hey, yes.
Gary: This is how I managed my seating challenge.
Kostadis Roussos: You're what?
Gary: My parents are visiting.
Gary: I, and so they have my office as their bedroom.
Gary: I had… They are currently in the living room, which means that I can't use the living room either.
Gary: Yes.
Wade Brown: They're taking up so much of your house.
Kostadis Roussos: Have you considered… have you considered telling them to go somewhere else?
Gary: I told him to go to bed. I didn't do that.
Wade Brown: Wanted to take a nap!
Kostadis Roussos: Did you not tell them that you had to meet with your cultist friends to play this game full of demons and devils and dark powers?
Gary: Yes, I did tell them that.
Gary: And those little literal birds, because that was the first thing that came.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Wade Brown: Remember that thing on the news that they said was corrupting your kids? Yeah, I gotta go do that.
David Mendenhall: Panic, panic.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's the one, thank you.
Gary: Well, they know I play D&D, because, like, I play D&D for a long time, right? Since I lived in their house.
Kostadis Roussos: My parents. My mom had this.
Kostadis Roussos: Satanic panic.
Gary: But there's…
David Mendenhall: She got over it.
Gary: projecting that.
Kostadis Roussos: She kind of had it, but then she kind of was, like, too bored to have it for too long, so she gave up.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, she was kind of like, this just sounds stupid, and just decided…
Gary: So her strategy was, hope that you'll grow out of it.
Wade Brown: Everything's just a phase.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, that was her strategy. I mean, that was just my strategy with my mom with a lot of things about me. It wasn't a bad strategy most of the time.
Kostadis Roussos: Except with this one. This one, it turned out to be a very devastatingly expensive hobby. Alright. But then she encouraged me later on when she saw that I played with kids, and I like to play with it. It was a way for me, for a very geeky, nerdy kid who was struggling with making friends, to make friends.
Kostadis Roussos: God bless her, she was very supportive of me after that.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gary: So, I have an announcement.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no?
Wade Brown: Finally quit.
David Mendenhall: He's going back.
Gary: We now have a formal exit date.
Gary: Of, 2 weeks from now.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, hold on.
Gary: Actually, one and a half weeks… it's next Friday. Next Friday.
David Mendenhall: Do you have to go into the office in order to get a formal exit date?
Gary: Sort of yes, and there's still some weird paperwork, because they think I'm on leave, but I'm… anyway, it's, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, congratulations!
Kostadis Roussos: You know, this is where, wade, aren't you gonna say some mighty words of wisdom, some deep insights, some thoughtful, thoughtful commentary.
Wade Brown: No, I'm just amused at how, you know, corporations can just drag their feet on everything. You can't even quit in a timely manner.
Kostadis Roussos: See, you did not disappoint.
Gary: You can just stop showing up, I think, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Once you get.
Wade Brown: Fired? I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I can answer that. It's called job abandonment. As long as you send in an email once a week.
Kostadis Roussos: you haven't abandoned your job. I don't know if the law's changed in the intervening decade, but job abandonment is a thing, but it doesn't take very much to not abandon your job, so then they actually have to go fire you.
Wade Brown: I mean, there was that time that.
Kostadis Roussos: You're a VP, you know these things better than I do, like…
Gary: I mean, this sounds lucrative.
Gary: It was a fun period.
Wade Brown: when it was clear the company was over, and a bunch of us, like, I got another job elsewhere without quitting, and Andy just wrote The Martian.
Gary: You were.
David Mendenhall: Aren't they at his desk, like, working on it?
Wade Brown: Oh, no, he wasn't showing up.
David Mendenhall: He was at home.
Wade Brown: writing The Martian, like…
Gary: You worked with Andy?
Wade Brown: Huh? Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah.
Gary: Cool, I didn't know that.
David Mendenhall: Before he was famous.
Wade Brown: to him before he was cool.
Kostadis Roussos: And before he became infamous.
Gary: For his bad spreadsheeting.
Kostadis Roussos: Was it the founder of, of Android, right?
David Mendenhall: No, that is.
Wade Brown: Not Andy Rubin.
David Mendenhall: That was Andy Rubin. I also knew Andy Rubin.
David Mendenhall: Not very well, though. Definitely knew Andy Weir better than Andy Rubin.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay.
Gary: I have Andy Rubin stories that require the recording to be off.
Wade Brown: We're not going to ask.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't worry.
Gary: It involves… It involves regulatory investigations and litigation.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, I just want to say something. That this call went on for an hour and a half, and there were no intermediate pauses. At the end of the hour and a half, Gary will be ejected from the call, and I will, terminate it a few seconds before then.
Kostadis Roussos: There was no missing parts of this conversation.
Kostadis Roussos: Wade will back me up.
Wade Brown: You can't trust me.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm jo- I know, I'm joking.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
David Mendenhall: I got an Andy Rubin story for you. It was with, Brian Swetland told me at once. He said, like.
David Mendenhall: Andy sent an email to Danger and was like, I heard, like, these, ThinkPad laptops are really cool, like…
David Mendenhall: Anybody, anybody got one of those?
David Mendenhall: And, Brian was like, yeah, I got one, I'll sell it to you. We negotiated a price, $1,000 or something, it's got a thousand dollars.
David Mendenhall: in the laptop. Two weeks later, he gets another email sent to the company, like.
David Mendenhall: I got this ThinkPod laptop, if anybody wants it. And Brian ran up and grabbed it. Yeah. Laptop back, and…
David Mendenhall: That's just $1,000.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Like, that is, that is definitely… that was definitely different. Alright, so…
David Mendenhall: Anyway…
Kostadis Roussos: So something happened at night before you guys left for whatever parts you're going to travel next.
Kostadis Roussos: During your…
Wade Brown: But while we're still in the…
David Mendenhall: What happened?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm about to tell you.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukradin, everybody's at dinner, everybody's having a good time. I'm assuming you're kind of tired and heading up to room, or are you gonna, like, sit down and hang out with everyone?
David Mendenhall: I thought I was performing. I'm not performing?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, just to…
Wade Brown: To re… recanter a battle, or whatever?
David Mendenhall: This is… this is quite an audience for me. These are potential new customers, you know, investors in the studio.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, so while you've.
David Mendenhall: Taking advantage of the opportunity.
Kostadis Roussos: So while you're taking advantage of the opportunity, a tall man in slightly too good coat strides in like he's done it a thousand times.
Kostadis Roussos: Talking before anyone can object. A pace behind him, a short, silent fellow carrying a small case and a deck of cards who makes eye contact with exactly one person and holds it a beat too long. Ahem!
Kostadis Roussos: Apologies for the late curtain. The Boar engagement rang long. Well, ran short, really. He was booked elsewhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Permanently.
Wade Brown: The boar engagement?
Kostadis Roussos: The falcon turns and goes, so he's like, he starts to walk up as if he owns the place, along with this short little guy, and the halfling, you can tell, somewhat of…
David Mendenhall: Figured it out.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes… he pauses.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you! Thank you, please hold your applause, you'll need it. There's a lot of to show, and you've already had a long day of not dying. A round for the survivors, he starts applauding.
Kostadis Roussos: And a smaller round for the ones who almost survived. He pulls out a ledger.
Kostadis Roussos: We're contracted for the 8 o'clock. I realize it is, what, much later than 8 o'clock? And I realize that no one in this room remembers signing anything, that's the beauty of a really good contract. You don't remember signing it, you just look up one evening, and there's a man in a moat coat doing material about your boar.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks around.
Kostadis Roussos: He calls and says… he goes, lovely room, truly, a bit of a fixer-upper. I see the gate's been redecorated by lightning. Very bold now, very now. And the management has embraced an open-air concept where the front door used to be, the kind of venue where you tell yourself the screaming improves the acoustics.
Kostadis Roussos: The short man runs a gloved finger along a scorched timber, examines the suit like a sommelier.
Kostadis Roussos: Ozone, a confident ozone. Last week's headliner really left it on the stage.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he, looks at the… looks at the room.
Kostadis Roussos: Caught The Late Show, and as a theater, I say this with love, the pacing was a disaster. You open on a hypnotism bit, and he points straight at Vukradin. 10 in the front row, out cold, before a sword's drawn. Courageous, brave, and then a 4-second act about dice.
Kostadis Roussos: Big finish, though, the beast goes down, applaused.
Kostadis Roussos: The beast gets up.
Kostadis Roussos: gasp, and somebody's on your lighting crew, has the presence of mind, he points to you, Soma, to have already left the spotlight burning right where he'd be standing. That's a callback. The board didn't die a hero, it died to a good blocking.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, the real tragedy, he points to Brewbarry of the evening, everyone keeps saying, the lodge held, the people were saved, and nobody is talking about the cellar. A moment of silence for the wine.
Kostadis Roussos: The short man removes his hat.
Kostadis Roussos: Slaughtered every caste, and the order of operations matters for the claim. They destroyed some of the wine and drank the rest, which means, mid-apocalypse, those men stropped to have a glass. Terrible theology, flawless hospitality, instincts.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he turns to the Falcon.
Kostadis Roussos: Our gracious host of the Dragon Slayer! Let him have a branding. It's not the factual version. A man who looked at a dead's dragon's leftovers and built a hospitality empire. At this point in time, the Falcon goes, I never ordered a anything! What are you doing here? The guy ignores him. Which is the single most heroic thing anyone in this story has actually done.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he looks at the three orc stewards holding, you know, looking very confused. And fresh staff, recruited this evening, off…
Kostadis Roussos: recruited this evening. You're hired. The pay is exposure. The first lesson is which fork? The second lesson is that there's never a reason to need a second fork, and the man teaching you is lying about the culturaly the way he lies about dragons.
Kostadis Roussos: Finally, he pulls up his legalistic texture, and he goes, House rules! The fine print. I'm obligated. It's Clause 4. One, no requests. We are the request. You simply haven't been billed yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Two, non-refundable, academic, as no one has paid. Three, and then the short guy holds up three fingers, then pulls the third one down himself slowly.
Kostadis Roussos: Mr. Koren has struck number 3 from the record. He's the only performer I've worked with who can redact claws with his hands. We've stopped asking, the lawyers have stopped acting, the gods have largely stopped acting.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he looks at you again and says, Aasimar bard, of course. The genre requires one. Someone has to be beautiful and concerned. And then he looks to Valphine, a faith that discovers that light hurts. Took the rest of us millennia, to be that honest.
Kostadis Roussos: Then, looks at Boney. Lovely horse. Committed horse. Doesn't let a little thing like being dead effect his worth ethic. You've been declared honorary members of an orth tribe. Sit with that. You came to save these people, and you've been absorbed by them. That's not a victory. That's a merger.
David Mendenhall: I don't remember Rimardo being quite such an asshole, by the way.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he goes, I've been busy in the act… I've been in the acting biz for eons, can't remember…
David Mendenhall: You might see, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Can't remember where it started or where it ended. Well, we move on, as one does. The next engagement is a coastal town. Lovely, sinking, but lovely. And, Corrin flips a card, a town half underwater.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Then he says, the storm you've met? They're touring, actually. Weather's a reliable draw. Encore after encore.
Kostadis Roussos: Corrin spins a small thunderhead on the table. It spinnings a bit too long. There's a water feature, there's always a water feature. It does not stay in the tank. Corrin pulls a glass, and it overflows and keeps overflowing onto the war, onto the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: And beneath the stage, every good theater has one. A door. Sealed. Management. Insists it's structural. Management is lying. Management always is. Corrin lays down a card of a drowned gate and waits it with a blacked coral chip.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll want… you'll want lodging along the way. There's an inn, and the smith there does excellent work.
Kostadis Roussos: Recently, very attentive work. Corrin produces a perfect tiny suit of armor that turns its head to lock the party.
Kostadis Roussos: Finally, he looks at you and says.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, the bill says the acts are the headliners, gods even, minor ones, regional, the kind that think the marquee is about them.
Kostadis Roussos: And then he leads in sort of delighting. Here's the trick of Marquis. Every god of fate believes he's the headliner. That's precisely how you know none of them are. You don't get 6 hideliners, you get 6 opening acts, and a house that hasn't announced who they're warming up for.
Kostadis Roussos: Karin slowly turns a card that is blank, then turns it again, still blank, then a third time.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a prop in the third act that unhappens things. Audiences adore it! Terrible for continuity. Corrin holds up a smooth gray stone that makes it not have been in his hand. It simply stops being there.
Kostadis Roussos: And the dragon. There's a dragon. There's a casting with the dragon. The understudy is playing the lead, and no one told the audience, and the understudy is between us a far older and far worse actress than the part requires.
Kostadis Roussos: Corrin flips a card of a green dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Then, peels the card like a sticker. Underneath is a different dragon's eyes. Older, colder, lightning pale.
Kostadis Roussos: Finally, he says…
Kostadis Roussos: As the old man bows, Corrin does one last little bit. He produces the evening bill, an itemized invoice for the show, and runs a fingertip down it as he's checking the sum.
Kostadis Roussos: One charge reads, emotional damages, Prueberry's wine, one cast, sentimental value, assessed at zero. At the very bottom, in a hand that's not corns.
Kostadis Roussos: Says, balance outstanding.
Kostadis Roussos: Corrin taps a small knife through the words and leaves the blade on the table and says, nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: And then…
David Mendenhall: It would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and then he goes… and then the other gentleman says, you've been a water… you've been a wonderful audience. You'll be a better one in Leilon. You'll have context.
Kostadis Roussos: The lamp's gutter… the lamp's gutter.
Kostadis Roussos: When the hall wall… and when they come back up, the hall doors are shut, and there's no one to have shut them.
David Mendenhall: And, this interlude brought to you by…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll add Bob, bro.
David Mendenhall: Moto and Corin, courtesy of ChatGPT.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, there is a lot… there is a lot of preparation to get this to work.
Kostadis Roussos: Absolutely.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, there's a lot of prompt engineering to get that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, there was a lot of hints in that.
David Mendenhall: There were, I'm sure, I'm sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there was a lot of hints in that. These were not… this took a lot of time. This took a lot of time.
David Mendenhall: Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The Penn & Teller shtick yes, I do admit.
Kostadis Roussos: But I thought you'd appreciate it.
David Mendenhall: That was… Yep, that takes me back a few years.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and I hope you appreciate the, the art.
Gary: the art?
Wade Brown: And then they just…
David Mendenhall: They disappeared, right, so I didn't get a chance to respond.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, you do get a chance to respond, I did.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't say they would listen to you, but you do get a certain chance to respond.
Kostadis Roussos: So go ahead, do your response.
David Mendenhall: You seem like one of those treasure hunters.
David Mendenhall: Aren't ya?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you and says, No.
Kostadis Roussos: Actors. Actors. Comedians. We're here, we're here for the show. Top Billing.
Gary: So, I rolled an insight check, and Valphine is like, who are these people, and what are they trying to achieve?
Kostadis Roussos: What insight? What did you roll?
Wade Brown: 21?
Gary: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll… okay, so roll also a religion check.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, sounds right, Rimardo.
David Mendenhall: Definitely the religious type.
Gary: Good.
Gary: Although, I don't know why I would know anything about religion that has anything to do with Rimardo, but .
Kostadis Roussos: No, because… no, Gods of Fate, that's what I was trying to see, if you picked up on that.
Gary: Probably not. 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody else want to use any of their abilities to try to figure out what's going on? For more hints, before I…
David Mendenhall: I can try a religion roll, sure, why not?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, but why would you try religion?
David Mendenhall: 21.
David Mendenhall: I rolled a 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, did you roll a natural fucking 20?
David Mendenhall: I did.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, now I have to really think.
Kostadis Roussos: You're like.
Wade Brown: at 19 Insight.
Gary: Dave, I don't see your roles, though, by the way.
David Mendenhall: This is this ongoing problem that doesn't seem like it's going to ever work again.
Gary: Do you see mine, though?
Wade Brown: I thought you were scary.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I think you said…
Wade Brown: Say mine.
David Mendenhall: I don't know, maybe it's because I, you know, switched to Firefox, and like…
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, that's your first mistake.
David Mendenhall: that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, well, we could…
David Mendenhall: Well, I could not live without UBOK Origin, so I gave up Chrome.
Wade Brown: I just… yeah, I went to Brave because of that.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade Brown: And V3, we can talk about it later.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna have to tell me what it is, so at least I know what it is, because now the.
David Mendenhall: Do you block Origin?
David Mendenhall: It's not…
Wade Brown: Something that makes the web usable.
David Mendenhall: one of the best ad blockers, and I used it for years on Chrome, and then Chrome blocked it.
Wade Brown: Yeah, well, Google replicated the APIs for security reasons.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, if you believe that, I have it.
David Mendenhall: as bribery reasons. Yeah, yeah.
Wade Brown: And Apple blocks a bunch of things for security reasons, too. It's just business as usual.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: But man, those, like, 6 months without UBlock Origin.
David Mendenhall: I'm glad that I… Went back.
Wade Brown: I mean, Brave is fine. Brave still will support MV2 forever.
Wade Brown: Really?
David Mendenhall: I used Brave.
Wade Brown: Huh? It's just chrome under the hood, just…
David Mendenhall: It's just another… another branding of it.
Wade Brown: Yeah, but with Brendan Icke.
Wade Brown: The Mormon?
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway… Thank you. Alright. Alright. So.
Gary: We were at the privacy engineering conference I was at today.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on. I need… dude, I was not prepared anticipating a natural 20. You're gonna have to give me a second.
David Mendenhall: We've given you, like, 2 minutes when we talked about stupid browsers and plugins.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but you, like, you, you, like, got me distracted by it.
David Mendenhall: We distracted you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so here's what you,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you feel the performance is uncanny and constructed.
David Mendenhall: you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that sounds about right.
Gary: Constructed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you also get the impression that they're not sending you on a quest.
Kostadis Roussos: They're kind of telling you what's already happening in the wrong genre.
Gary: They're asking us to do anything, and they're not interfering with us.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary: And they're not paying us anything, and they're not charging us anything. Therefore, I don't think I have any interest in them.
David Mendenhall: I just can't imagine that Rimardo and Corrin give two shits about this.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, which is why… which is what is causing your brain to… which is where your natural 20 comes in.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so now I have to just figure out how I'm gonna say it, so give me a second.
David Mendenhall: Okay, it's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Give me a second.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm trying to think here.
Wade Brown: Take the time you need.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the thing that your mind has gravitated to is the fact about the six fates.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the multiple fates. There's something, like, very odd to discuss…
Kostadis Roussos: Like, let me just remind you what the quote was, so that you have it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I put it in the Zoom chat, let me put it in the Discord chat.
Kostadis Roussos: That is… What's kind of hidden.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: Right, I remember you reading that.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so let me just… because I spent quite a bit of time constructing this, so I don't want to reveal too much. Like, that's why I'm…
Wade Brown: I don't want it to just be over.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm trying to, like, construct a small balance, and I have to pull all of the information, give me all the dates, and then I will give you, but, like, just give me one second. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Because if I freebase this, I'm going to do it wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: I should have prepared for this. A natural 20 was the one thing I did not prepare for. Goddammit. So while you're sitting there, the Falcon, meanwhile, is throwing a temper tantrum. He's going, Do you know these people!
David Mendenhall: No, but… I wonder if they have a lot of money.
Kostadis Roussos: A lot, like, the other thing you notice is that…
David Mendenhall: I think I'll… I think I'll… I think, you know, he said he's not a treasure hunter, and I'm naive enough to believe him.
David Mendenhall: Just an actor. I'm kind of an actor, too, so…
David Mendenhall: Have you ever thought about investing in a music studio? I'm quite a performer, would you like to hear me play?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you talking to Falcon right now?
David Mendenhall: No, I'm talking to… I'm talking part of.
Kostadis Roussos: It goes…
David Mendenhall: This is like an op… this is like a business operation.
David Mendenhall: As far as I can tell.
Kostadis Roussos: Corrin cracks an appropriate joke.
David Mendenhall: in song.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, like, you know, some kind of, like, hand gesture.
David Mendenhall: Oh, like a… without speaking.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Hello?
David Mendenhall: So?
David Mendenhall: Maybe I'll just get up and perform.
David Mendenhall: You'll see, you'll see how good I am.
Wade Brown: It's always served you well in the past.
David Mendenhall: 27 and natural 20!
Kostadis Roussos: What's your roles?
David Mendenhall: I rolled… I rolled a 27 performance.
Kostadis Roussos: He's very impressed with you, and says, kid, if you stick with it at the very end, you'll find out, and we'll perform together.
David Mendenhall: very end. The end of what? We're at the end!
Kostadis Roussos: Gotta go. And then he leaves.
Kostadis Roussos: And then.
David Mendenhall: He didn't give me any money.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he didn't…
David Mendenhall: 12-piece?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, money? No, I mean, he did give you a coin.
David Mendenhall: coin.
Wade Brown: One whole coin? Gold coin?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a… yes, he gave you a gold coin. It is a gold coin.
David Mendenhall: Like, one GP?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Not blood money.
David Mendenhall: We'll add it to the tally.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Sweet.
David Mendenhall: We're up to 731 gold pieces.
David Mendenhall: ton.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so here's what you… Here's what hits you about the multiple Fates. Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: is that…
Kostadis Roussos: You suddenly realize… so it suddenly strikes you… like, one of the things that you always hated, right, as a musician, is, you know, all those soppy musicals that, you know, kind of went on and on about fate and destiny.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I was like, you know, I was fated to meet her, I was destined.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, what? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, they, they.
David Mendenhall: Overdust.
Wade Brown: It's any…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just to… like, like, your whole…
David Mendenhall: Whatever happened to free will, anyway?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and that's when it hits you.
Kostadis Roussos: If there is more than one God of fate, that means there isn't any destiny.
David Mendenhall: Got it.
Wade Brown: point.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: How can multiple people control fate if fate is predetermined?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And that something is causing multiple gods of fate to show up at the same time right here.
David Mendenhall: How many gods of fate are there?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's, you know, a question you could ask somebody in Neverwinter, or a priest.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Athena, you're a priest.
David Mendenhall: How many gods of fate are there?
Gary: I don't think I care.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, but is it something that you would have picked?
David Mendenhall: Good chat, good chat!
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
David Mendenhall: That's cool.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, so… I mean, but Valphine? Valphine?
David Mendenhall: Prime.
Gary: Guess what? Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: But despite that, you do recall, and you can choose to remind them, right? So, I mean, this is, you know, in canon, like, I could tell you in private, Gary or the rest of you could, like, play it based off of how Gary chooses to play it. You do recall that,
Kostadis Roussos: you know, that one of the things that the Lathandrian clerics try to explain to you is there's exactly one God of Fate, and that is Savras.
David Mendenhall: Who?
Gary: There's only one God of Fate.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the god of fate and Faerun is Savras.
Gary: But anyway, it doesn't matter, because Lathander is more powerful.
Kostadis Roussos: So, fruit…
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: So, back to drinking and singing, then.
Kostadis Roussos: That was weird.
David Mendenhall: weird.
Wade Brown: times.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, they were… They were a real… party there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Okay. Yeah, so just… So, yes, so…
David Mendenhall: I guess maybe I'll go to Falcon, did you know those people?
David Mendenhall: Did you invite them? Did you sign a contract?
Kostadis Roussos: I signed no contract! Did you hear what they said about.
Wade Brown: He said that we didn't sign it, or didn't know we'd sign it.
David Mendenhall: They said all sorts of crazy things.
Wade Brown: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: They… they said, they made fun of me.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Truth hurts, right?
Gary: They made fun of all of us.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but, like, me! This is my house, and they said, I paid for… I would… pause this.
David Mendenhall: That's awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, pauses, but were they any good?
David Mendenhall: I don't think so.
Gary: We should cancel their late night show.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, anyway.
David Mendenhall: Anyway, we do need to help you fix the door. I'm really sorry about that.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, oh, don't you worry about the door, we'll.
David Mendenhall: I'll get Brewbarry to fix it.
Gary: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Berry says, but there's no more wine. I mean, the tragedy of the loss of the wine.
Wade Brown: Remember, there's more wine in there.
David Mendenhall: Do you have, like, do we have any spells that make wine? Do we have, like, create food and water?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: Brewbarry.
Wade Brown: Grand Feast spell, or whatever.
Gary: For them to brew more wine here. We're gonna have to repair his, his beer hall and his brewery.
David Mendenhall: But that ultimately Like.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but he's not a fool, so roll your persuasion there, Valphine.
David Mendenhall: Oh, on a.
Kostadis Roussos: through.
David Mendenhall: night.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but…
Gary: combo.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what did you, what did you roll?
Gary: Night…
David Mendenhall: 9 Persuasion, wow.
Wade Brown: I'll get him.
David Mendenhall: Hmm, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: What is… what is Brewbarry's wisdom?
Gary: I'll roll it.
David Mendenhall: Better than that.
Gary: Wisdom safe?
Wade Brown: I'll be right back.
David Mendenhall: Five.
David Mendenhall: Got a minus 1 on his wisdom saves.
Kostadis Roussos: What did he get?
David Mendenhall: You got a 5.
Kostadis Roussos: You got a 5. Brewbarry actually thinks about it for a minute, stands up, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: The sooner things are repaired, the sooner there will be beer.
David Mendenhall: I'll help. I'm gonna help.
Kostadis Roussos: He gets up…
David Mendenhall: I'll work on that. I need to take 10 anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just as if I said, he walks, gets up, looks at the table, sees that there's some food, picks up the food, and then walks out with the food.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, he's, like, eating the food as he's going. He's a Goliath, he goes, I'm a big guy, I need to eat a lot.
David Mendenhall: Okay, looking forward to meeting Gaxton later.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
David Mendenhall: Jackson and Brewbarry get along very well.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think so.
David Mendenhall: You'll do.
David Mendenhall: No?
Kostadis Roussos: Kexam?
David Mendenhall: Why not?
David Mendenhall: What races, what races?
Kostadis Roussos: Gexam, who's gay?
David Mendenhall: Jackson's half work.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, Gaxim does not make any appearance here, just for the record.
Kostadis Roussos: These guys, these guys make a… these guys, I have a reason for why they showed up.
Kostadis Roussos: You will… hopefully… hopefully there will be payoff there.
David Mendenhall: They weren't very… I mean, they weren't the good characters, for sure.
Kostadis Roussos: they're comedians. They quit.
David Mendenhall: Or now they think they are.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, they literally decided to stop… not be the avatars of Istus to go become a comedy act.
David Mendenhall: I remember that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: So, here they are, being a comedy act.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: It's a good thing they're not in it for the money.
Kostadis Roussos: as Corrin would say, there's other ways. As Corinne would wink, there are other ways to make money.
David Mendenhall: Indeed.
David Mendenhall: And they already had plenty.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, exactly. Alright. Okay. So, with that, morning arrives.
Kostadis Roussos: your choices are. So, just to be clear, the last time we spoke, you were thinking of going to deal with the Woodland Manse to collect
Kostadis Roussos: Whatever treasure was to collect your Boots of elvenkind.
Kostadis Roussos: Boots of.
Gary: Yeah, and it's like an hour walk or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's just an hour walk.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, like, the other place to go check out is the Shrine of Savras.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Gary: Sounds like the right stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Shrine of Savras, just in case if you don't… I mean, your characters would know, he's the god of fate.
David Mendenhall: If we, before we leave, any word of Sister Kaella?
Gary: Yeah. Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: She's gone… she's gone to the wind.
David Mendenhall: Alright, we'll need to talk to Ser Kaelen about her.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, actually, the person who's offered to collect information about her is, what's her name?
Kostadis Roussos: Jenna Roscoe.
Kostadis Roussos: The Lord's Alliance.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I bet she has.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, she, she promised that, she, she offered.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, good for her.
David Mendenhall: To the woodland mans we go.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm guessing you aren't particularly thrilled at that idea.
David Mendenhall: No. No. Not, not, not trusting her very much, no.
Kostadis Roussos: You're not trusting her? No.
David Mendenhall: Tried to, like… she tried to, like… she lied to me, and, like, tried to…
Kostadis Roussos: Did Sheila.
David Mendenhall: and…
Kostadis Roussos: Did she lie to you? Did she lie to you?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you sure that she lied to you?
David Mendenhall: I'm sure.
Gary: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sure that, what's his name, Ashura?
Gary: Did I see this logic?
David Mendenhall: That's what I mean.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, I'm very…
David Mendenhall: Troton is sure, is sure. I'm sure…
David Mendenhall: And that she's a nasty, no-good treasure hunter.
Kostadis Roussos: That, I believe, too.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, let's be very clear, that one does not require her to,
Kostadis Roussos: Does not require that. Alright. So, let's see, I just want to make sure… wait, there's one, two…
Kostadis Roussos: B3, or… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Let me just do something… Rich.
Kostadis Roussos: And… alright, you arrive at the Woodland Manse. Let me just place the party. Okay, party is already placed.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's pretty… Give me a little…
David Mendenhall: Oh yeah, I remember this place, we got our asses kicked here.
Gary: We sure did.
Wade Brown: Yeah…
David Mendenhall: Sure did.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so there's the party.
David Mendenhall: Alright, well…
Kostadis Roussos: Real down.
Gary: Back in the forest?
David Mendenhall: Little 7 now, let's just go in the front door!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on. Prutha. Prutha, like… Gary, Valphine?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. You know, Prutha wants to, you know, is torn between following the new prophet or, you know, staying with the tribe.
Gary: Well, I… so, did we resolve what's happening with the tribe?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: We have to… oh, didn't we have to escort the tribe back to the castle?
Gary: My mechanisms are just to plant them here as new settlers, to live in the, in Falcon's Lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's not gonna work for Falcon.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's not a sudden…
David Mendenhall: We'll ask.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, and it's also… and to be fair, it's not gonna work for them either. They really do want to go back to their old home.
Gary: Jacks.
Kostadis Roussos: I think, just to be clear, it's not just a…
David Mendenhall: Valphine, think of it as missions across all of Faerun.
Gary: Okay, so we have the Falcon mission, and then we also have the… the Orcish mission?
David Mendenhall: You have the orcish mission, the, right, the orc mission, and then you have the one in town. You've gotta spread lithander throughout the land.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, not Lathander, your version of Lathander, Lathander of the…
David Mendenhall: Well, as far as he's concerned…
Gary: The true sect of Lathander, that's right.
Kostadis Roussos: The truth is…
David Mendenhall: One free sect.
Kostadis Roussos: The searing light.
Gary: Yeah, Church of the Searing Light.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
David Mendenhall: light.
Kostadis Roussos: And by the way, just to be clear, a power that your God has told you through, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, divide message that you have interpreted as being very favorable to your current dialectic.
Gary: All for worship line and deception.
David Mendenhall: Fair.
Gary: I actually had this, this…
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary: I used my high insight on this message, so I haven't understood it very fully.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, that is precisely the case. Alright, so I'm removing Prutha from this list, yes, from the party list?
David Mendenhall: So what is Prutha doing?
Kostadis Roussos: He's staying with those village… villagers, right?
David Mendenhall: So he is going…
Gary: Well, he's a true believer, so…
David Mendenhall: Well, we haven't… alright, so he's gonna stay at.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so he would rather.
David Mendenhall: Lodge, for now.
Kostadis Roussos: He… yes, he… I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: He is your follower right now, so, I mean, you could drag him along, but I'm just telling you, like, it's your call.
Kostadis Roussos: Valphine. It's… it's not, like…
Kostadis Roussos: You want to have him come along, he'll come along.
Kostadis Roussos: You want him to, go back and be with his people? He can go back and be with his people. This is utterly a Valphine choice.
Gary: I think he should come with us to the Manse, but we will be back to see his people, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's there with you. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm cool with that, I just need to make… I just wanted to know what your… he, of course, says, I follow the true prophet!
Gary: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: For now.
Gary: But I have a new mission for you… soon.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, ALWAYS!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just give him the right color so I don't get confused with him. Tint color yellow.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair.
David Mendenhall: So, are there, I see, red circles here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, let me just, see what's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Blah blah blah with landmounts.
David Mendenhall: I will speak orc to them.
Kostadis Roussos: You will? You speak Orc?
David Mendenhall: No, I have that ability that allows me to speak orc.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you do?
David Mendenhall: or any language, when I want to use it.
David Mendenhall: Once prolonged rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright.
David Mendenhall: To 4 creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the orcs are… I don't know how to describe it. The orcs are kinda just, like, grazing.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, unloading.
Gary: There's one chair at the woodland mitts.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Remember them kicking the shit out of us?
Kostadis Roussos: There was a…
Gary: Yeah, I'm in the loop.
Kostadis Roussos: There, and there was one that was an anthur and a chorite. Anchorite.
David Mendenhall: Anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: do I have… Well, so these two, I guess I'll go up to them…
David Mendenhall: use my universal speech so I can speak to them in orc.
David Mendenhall: And tell them, that… we come bearing news…
David Mendenhall: The power of Talos has been defeated. We are here to bring the glory of Lathander. Join us now.
Kostadis Roussos: The boars look at you, they look at you, and they go.
Kostadis Roussos: The most important question, and the only question, is the… are the unpleasant bores that were not obeying the rules about who got to eat what gone?
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Gary: Oh, weird.
Kostadis Roussos: That's good.
Gary: I thought that was… so why would the Boar speak orcish? Is Wade not Black?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, he's using his, vukradin has the ability to universally speak with any creature.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Poor creatures.
Wade Brown: Once per long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: And so he's decided to burn that ability on the boars.
Gary: Okay, sorry, I missed that.
Wade Brown: It's alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to be very clear, that was his choice.
Gary: I mean, like, I was expecting that was only humanoids, but okay, But…
David Mendenhall: It doesn't say humanoids, it says…
David Mendenhall: Four creatures!
Gary: Wow.
David Mendenhall: The creatures can magically understand you. Any creatures!
David Mendenhall: They can magically understand you regardless of the language you speak for one hour.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so the boar's… the boar, the boar goes, wonderful! Wonderful, wonderful! Wonderful! So, will they be coming back?
Gary: Not in one peak.
David Mendenhall: I think no, right? They won't… do you want them to come back?
Kostadis Roussos: Only if they obey the rules about who gets to eat what.
David Mendenhall: Would you rather they don't come back if they can't obey the… can't obey the rules?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if they can't obey the rules, yes, I would rather they don't come back.
David Mendenhall: Then they won't be coming back.
Kostadis Roussos: the other baby?
David Mendenhall: What rules?
Kostadis Roussos: The other boar comes.
Kostadis Roussos: Did I hear correctly the boar… the irritating boars will not be coming back?
David Mendenhall: Sounds like they will not be coming back.
Kostadis Roussos: Wonderful! Wonderful. Then he heads off to start eating more pumpkin.
David Mendenhall: Well, my work here is done, gentlemen. I think we can let the.
Kostadis Roussos: But the other one…
David Mendenhall: to know that the Woodland Manse is secure.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, however, one of the boar goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, when you… as you say that, the other goes.
Kostadis Roussos: And just because the outside doesn't have any unpleasantness, the inside does. Why, just the other day, we went in there, and it was not as safe as it usually is.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay, well, that's good to know. Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, just wanted to make sure you appreciate that there's this inside is still a hot mess.
David Mendenhall: Alright, well then.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: See what these things are.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Lafina, is there, like, a catchphrase, like…
David Mendenhall: like, all people talking about Lathander, and with, like, like, Glory to Lathander, or, you know, The Light Be With You, or something?
Gary: They'd be with you and also with you.
David Mendenhall: You tell me, man, you're the cleric.
Gary: I guess… I guess you should come up with something like that.
Gary: Bye.
Gary: Alright, I'll work on this.
David Mendenhall: Okay, you'll work on that, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, stone steps climb to the portico with a stone balcony overhanging it. At a height of 10 feet. Vines wrap around the balcony's support pillars and its crumbling stone railing.
Kostadis Roussos: The ground floor entrance features a double door with a giant boar's head crudely carved into it. None of our double door stands closed on the balcony, which you guys just opened.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so now you… I'm going to place you right here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. You go inside a present?
Wade Brown: too.
Kostadis Roussos: You got… do you guys go inside?
David Mendenhall: I'm going inside, the rest of you can do whatever you want.
Gary: We had a, like.
Wade Brown: Oh, and he comes inside, he's in…
David Mendenhall: I want my fair trade boots.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Gary: And we are long-rested, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm assuming…
David Mendenhall: Mark.
Wade Brown: I mean, we've leveled up since our last combat, I'd assume, though.
David Mendenhall: We no longer have aid, so we are back to… oh, we have to put our new HP on the board, etc.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's a downstairs hall with staircases going up.
Kostadis Roussos: And then there's an open area to… there's a parlor to the left, to the north.
David Mendenhall: Everybody gets bardic inspiration.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Do we also have Bless, Gary?
Gary: Yeah, now seems like a good time for that.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, likewise, I will grant you all your inspirations now.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The door to the parlor has been smashed to pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: The room is strewn with broken furniture, the remains of chairs, side tables, and a wine cabinet. Of course, Brewbarry, I presume, goes to inspect the wine cabinet.
Wade Brown: Nooooo!
Wade Brown: Don't look, Brewbarry.
David Mendenhall: Wine?
Kostadis Roussos: Turns out there is, in fact, one lonely barrel of wine. Bottle of wine.
David Mendenhall: Not a barrel?
Gary: How will that help me.
David Mendenhall: Just a bottle. Brewbarry, you've waited so long. Go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewbarry opens it and drops.
David Mendenhall: truck, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Chug, chug, chug. Alright, a moldy, circular rug covers most of the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Which way do you go next?
Wade Brown: Is he drinking, just down the hall?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's in here in the parlor, he's, like, drinking over here in the parlor.
Gary: Oh, okay. Well…
Kostadis Roussos: It's gonna take him a few min- it's gonna take him about a minute, so, you know, you could just sort of sit there waiting for him to do that, or you can…
Gary: I will stealthily, poke at my…
Gary: My eyes into, this next room.
Kostadis Roussos: The one to the south or to the east?
Gary: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Stone steps… okay, so the door here has been… the door that you're looking… you're standing at has been smashed open. Stone steps lead to a flagstone courtyard that has a pillared arcade…
Kostadis Roussos: To the east. Seven windows on the upper floor level overlook the courtyard, in the middle of which is a 5-foot stone well with thick vines erupting from it.
Wade Brown: Audrey!
Kostadis Roussos: There is an orc,
Kostadis Roussos: Walk, there is an orc walking around there.
Wade Brown: A boar orc?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's a boar.
Kostadis Roussos: Boar. He's a bore.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you, walk in, or do you… I guess.
Gary: I will speak to him, Orcish and say, Over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your deception.
Gary: Is that deception?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That's what?
David Mendenhall: So…
Gary: I mean, I'm assuming that the orcs are with us and not with Anchorites.
Kostadis Roussos: No, there's a boar, you only see a boar.
Gary: Oh, a boar. Yes. Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so, like, if you're trying to deceive the boar that you're orcs, that's one thing, right?
Gary: I mean, if it's a… if it's a bore, then I assume that it didn't write.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: I think we should get the spring on him by, say.
Gary: I'll go back and get brewberry and say, there's an anchorite over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Who may have… who's responsible for the destruction of the wine?
Gary: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Rubric eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Nice job.
David Mendenhall: brewery.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: He has a lot of childhood trauma.
Kostadis Roussos: So, alright. So, does, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll for initiative, I guess.
Gary: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Tomorrow.
Gary: that.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're assuming he's an anchorite, and he is. I will not insult your intelligence.
Gary: I think Brewbarry gets the advantage on Initiative.
Gary: I'm not sure why, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Because of his barbarian… one of his… because I think one of his barbarian, abilities.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Armor Class 13.
David Mendenhall: You should update your HP.
Wade Brown: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It is funny.
Wade Brown: 59…
David Mendenhall: It is my saved DC now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
David Mendenhall: ABC's 15, unchanged.
Wade Brown: I don't think anything else changed about me.
Kostadis Roussos: Faith levels when those change.
David Mendenhall: 12, 11, 12…
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Let's see, it's 14…
David Mendenhall: 45, wow, amazing hit points there I've got.
David Mendenhall: You're compliant.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you complaining about… are you complaining about your pit points?
Wade Brown: Do you want me to polymorph you into something stronger? I can make you…
David Mendenhall: I have polymorph.
Wade Brown: Okay, so do I. I can turn you into some CR7 thing, and you can go ham.
David Mendenhall: I've got, I've got lots of cool stuff now.
David Mendenhall: I'm very excited about my spells.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, roll, sort. Boney, we… oh, Boney doesn't need an initiative.
Wade Brown: Boney's outside, yeah. He doesn't come in houses, man.
Wade Brown: I don't think he would.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, might just give him a minus 99 so he doesn't affect our sorting.
Kostadis Roussos: Sort of…
Wade Brown: I mean, if they come out, you can join in.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but… Okay, Brewbarry charges in. Gary, do you want to run him, since you're…
Gary: Shirt.
David Mendenhall: Are we fighting? Is it clobbering time?
Kostadis Roussos: Valfinia suggests that you shouldn't waste any time and any speculation and just charge.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Against the one anchorite.
David Mendenhall: And this big… Deadly plant.
Kostadis Roussos: But, yep.
David Mendenhall: You wanna, you wanna charge, or you wanna do, like, you wanna do, like, ranged attacks? Nope, okay. Good luck.
David Mendenhall: I'll be over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: with.
David Mendenhall: I've got a great line of sight, I don't need to get any closer.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Gary: So, we need to make him big.
Gary: And bigger.
Gary: Great.
Gary: We'll go from here. And then his attack roll is 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: That's a hip.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a hint.
Gary: I'm gonna guess this is, 15 plus 2 to 17?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gary: And then I assume he gets another, another guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: Or… Why does this not have great weapon mastery?
Kostadis Roussos: What is that? I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Sustanity.
Gary: So then, in addition, 10?
Kostadis Roussos: 10? Alright.
Gary: So, 17 plus 10, 27.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: How many hit points does, Brewbarry have?
Gary: 16V, I think it was.
David Mendenhall: Even with… at Level 7?
Gary: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Okay, and how many does Valphine have at level 7?
Gary: I already updated it. 52.
Gary: I don't… I don't know why they're there set to break-in points there, but…
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Fixed it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Valphine, you're up.
Gary: Okay, Let's see, where are we? Yeah.
Gary: I will just kind of, like, Let's link over… here… None…
Gary: We'll give him just a very simple…
Gary: Let's see, what are these spells?
Gary: Spells, spells, spells.
Gary: Spells.
Gary: Okay.
Gary: We're gonna go with, sacred Flame.
Kostadis Roussos: Sacred… sacred flame?
David Mendenhall: How level 1 of you.
Gary: I'll get a trip, yeah,
Kostadis Roussos: How much… what did you… what did you do there?
Gary: Let's say we see 15.
Kostadis Roussos: So, sorry, I'm sorry, I was… I just was… got distracted with something. What do I have to do, roll a sitting throw?
Gary: a DexSave DC-15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, dexterity of the ink right as character should be.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus 1 misses, so he takes another 8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: And then next is Anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so the anchorite shouts… And these vine blights sort of materialize off the tree.
Gary: Oh, great.
Kostadis Roussos: Change there.
Kostadis Roussos: Tokens. Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Are these, vine bites.
Kostadis Roussos: And… That's what he does with his one vocal action. Let me just see what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then, what's his movement rate.
Kostadis Roussos: 6, and he will turn himself into a… Proper…
Kostadis Roussos: Anchorite. So now he's an ancorate.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so now it's not correct, okay. So, alright.
David Mendenhall: Agree with me?
Kostadis Roussos: He ran into the room, He ran… Over here.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Gary: So, so then Brewbarry gets an attack of opportunity?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sure, yep.
David Mendenhall: Can you do 23 damage?
Gary: We'll try.
Wade Brown: Hindu 9.
David Mendenhall: 9, 9.
Gary: 11.
Kostadis Roussos: 11.
Wade Brown: Alright, rage bonus.
Kostadis Roussos: So we'll see that. What's he down to?
David Mendenhall: 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Alright. So, let me just, figure out these creatures now.
Gary: I should have gotten one more square further.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see what their Vine Blights, initiative bonus is…
Kostadis Roussos: Minus 1, okay, so if they please let… please exist.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so they are manifesting at this time.
Kostadis Roussos: He also shouts another command.
David Mendenhall: 6, or there are 5?
Kostadis Roussos: They're… Let me just change…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. 5, so it'd be 5. My mistake.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Don't, don't manipulate them quite yet so I can add the numbers. Okay, now you can delete the number, you can now sort and delete the one that's not there.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see what else I need to put… I need to put numbers on these guys, right?
Kostadis Roussos: 1… 2… 3… Or… Alright, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: I've got a spell, it's called I Can't Believe It's Not Fireball.
Wade Brown: Is it from one of those beads?
David Mendenhall: It is not.
Wade Brown: Aww.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't have a fireball?
Kostadis Roussos: You do have a fireball. You have 7 fireballs.
David Mendenhall: passed,
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, just for the record, you have 7 fireballs. You're just choosing to not use your fireballs.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's kind of sad. I guess that's average damage.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what is that?
David Mendenhall: It's only 23.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: I was hoping I'd hit 26.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's… that's not bad. What is that?
David Mendenhall: 15 foot cube… No, sorry, 15-foot cone.
David Mendenhall: So…
Kostadis Roussos: That's fine, you can hit all of them, I think.
David Mendenhall: hit them all.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, because they're on the tree itself, so, yes.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: So, standard deck save, DC15 for half damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Meh.
Gary: What spell is this?
Kostadis Roussos: Definitely.
David Mendenhall: cards.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, I remember this one. This one was.
David Mendenhall: spray of cards.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what do I have to roll? What's these things are after all?
Kostadis Roussos: Gary, Dave, sorry.
David Mendenhall: Deck saves…
Kostadis Roussos: BCC.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, 5D20, and it's all minus 1.
Kostadis Roussos: And does it let me roll them? Oh, because I did not do… I did not 5D12.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so one of them makes it, the rest of them all are take damage, take 20 damage.
David Mendenhall: one makes it.
Kostadis Roussos: Number one.
David Mendenhall: Number 1 takes.
Kostadis Roussos: 11 points. 11 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: 11, the others take 23.
David Mendenhall: 3…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: 3… 3… 3… Okay, that'll… I'll chew them up a little bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Anchorite is up.
David Mendenhall: No, sorry. Prutha. Prutha the Orc is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Proof of the quark is up.
Kostadis Roussos: So I guess Truth of the Orcs charges in and attacks one of the Vine Blights.
Kostadis Roussos: With, swings is greataxe.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a… that's a… that's a hit, and he does 9 points of damage to number 4, which I'm assuming kills it.
David Mendenhall: It does, indeed. Number 4 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Next…
David Mendenhall: Vine Blight number 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Vine blight number 3. What do vine blights do? If I was a vine blight, I'm completely…
Kostadis Roussos: Capable of thought.
Gary: The nearest thing that moved would be…
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha.
Kostadis Roussos: Or,
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha, or, what's his name? Or, so yeah, so who… let me just see, let me just see the initial roll tracker. Number 3. Alright, so, number 3…
Gary: He's not adjacent, so…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I know. I'm just trying to see, do they have movement? Okay, so he can move…
Kostadis Roussos: What's the range of his attack? It's 10 feet. Alright, so it'll attack Valphine.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: With, with a constrict Attack, which misses. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, here you've got your armor closet.
David Mendenhall: Okay, Soma?
Gary: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Not a lot of room in this room, is there, so… I guess I gotta go back to the…
David Mendenhall: You can get in.
David Mendenhall: And you can run through me, so you can go, like, south of me.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I think I can come down here, and I can at least get into Bear.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, there you go.
Wade Brown: It's probably the best.
David Mendenhall: Numbers 2 and 3.
Wade Brown: Yeah, alright, so I'm just pulling myself out of there, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you have cute bear?
Wade Brown: I actually haven't made a new brown bear. I probably should.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, man.
Wade Brown: Alright. And then I'm pretty much right here on 3 now.
Kostadis Roussos: Compared to the artistic thing, it just feels lame.
Wade Brown: I'll… I'll get you on, hold on, but Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We're all about the AR art, right?
Wade Brown: Within, within limits, so we're gonna hit, how much Hutch places have?
Wade Brown: Oh, they have no hit points at all. Alright, well, we're hitting number 3.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, if you hit them, you kill them. The only one that's got any hit points left is number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Wade Brown: Yeah, well, no, I'm gonna hit number 3, so… brown bear… Bite.
Wade Brown: Alright, that should be a kill on number 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, dead.
Wade Brown: And then, multi-attack… they don't have to be the same one, do they? Let me double check. Multi-attack…
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's just one byte and one claw, it doesn't say same target. So, number 2, that looks like a whiff.
David Mendenhall: Right? Use your…
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, Bardic Inspiration, plus 1.
David Mendenhall: First user bless.
Gary: Bless, bless first.
Wade Brown: I only need a 1.
David Mendenhall: So you, so you hit.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so my Bless… oh, blesses once per turn, right? So that's good.
Gary: What's per turn.
Wade Brown: Yeah. Alright, that's Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Wade Brown: And I gotta figure out what my new temporary hit points are. I changed this level.
David Mendenhall: Right, so you killed 3 and 5?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, the, the 5-in-1.
Wade Brown: Dude.
Kostadis Roussos: 3 and 2.
David Mendenhall: You killed 3 and 2?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Yes.
Gary: Okay, so then, 5-string?
David Mendenhall: Number 5 is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, number 5… Grasping roots and vines sprite in a 15-foot radius centered on the blight.
Gary: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary: Some kind of savings.
Kostadis Roussos: Give me… let me just put it… let me just, when the plants appear, you must succeed on a DC12 saving throw, or become understained.
Kostadis Roussos: Strength. It's a 15-foot radius, so I'm trying to get the.
David Mendenhall: To all of us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think so.
David Mendenhall: Strength save 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you get a strength save of 17?
David Mendenhall: I did.
Kostadis Roussos: That's kind of insane. For you. Everybody died, TPK.
David Mendenhall: Zero.
Kostadis Roussos: Especially Dave. Dave's character is so dead, he can't roll a new one.
Wade Brown: You got the fan club.
Kostadis Roussos: No, she's just been very silly. Send to Jada, send changeless, send to the G map. There we go. Okay, so everybody there is affected by the restraint unless they make the saving throw.
Wade Brown: Oh, that includes me. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Why did I move in?
David Mendenhall: So you have your bearer strength.
Wade Brown: I do indeed. Just gotta pull it up.
Wade Brown: Where's my character sheet tenant?
Wade Brown: Thomas Character Sheet Extras, Brown Bear… Strength. Saving zero.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm good.
David Mendenhall: 22, yeah, I think you're good.
Wade Brown: What was the penalty for your saving throw? Just nothing?
David Mendenhall: After making it? So all of us made it. What about Prutha? Prutha needs to…
Kostadis Roussos: That's what I need to.
David Mendenhall: Here, I'll roll a D20 for him. Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: He, he makes a sa- I think, I think he made it. Did he?
David Mendenhall: Unless he has a minus? He doesn't have a minus.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, he's got a plus 3, right? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, right.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on.
David Mendenhall: Nope, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but there's one more of these guys, right?
David Mendenhall: Nope, blueberries next.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Brewbarry, you're up.
David Mendenhall: Killing both, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on, before you do anything… Oh, you do anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Twigblites rush into the room.
Wade Brown: Twig flights.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I guess I'm thinking shit up.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not making sure.
David Mendenhall: This is very druidic. This is very druidic. Don't you know all about these things, Soma?
Wade Brown: I should.
Gary: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but… yeah, but this is one of those things that Meril didn't bother to teach you.
Wade Brown: Yeah, they don't teach you about twig blights and, you know, druid school.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, they do, but it was… it's more of an advanced course, and he seems to be more fixated on, like, turning you into some kind of paragon for something or other.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Gary: Okay, is it ready for brewery yet?
Kostadis Roussos: I just need to roll… add the twig blades.
Kostadis Roussos: Initiative…
David Mendenhall: How do they… how do they run through Soma?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, then they all attack Soma.
Wade Brown: Yeah, that makes more sense.
David Mendenhall: They're stuck at the entrance there.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm, you know, big and furry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
David Mendenhall: Should've sh- should've saved my area of effect spell.
David Mendenhall: pick points.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewbarry… Brewbarry, you're up.
Gary: Alright, so I'm gonna start by attacking number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh.
David Mendenhall: I like… I like how much they're… how much fireball fodder there is.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
David Mendenhall: It was not lost on me.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure.
Gary: on number one.
Kostadis Roussos: You killed him, you believe?
David Mendenhall: Fireball, you will pay the consequence.
David Mendenhall: Hold on sec…
Gary: So then I will plead into the other one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: Which kills it tooth.
Gary: And then… Let's see… can he… Range 20, right?
Gary: Okay, so, took by one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Gary: 9 untooked by 1.
Kostadis Roussos: 9 on Twig Blight 1. Alright, well that kills it, because I only had 4 hit points. Let me just make sure it doesn't have some weird…
Gary: Crazy.
Kostadis Roussos: ability when it dies.
Gary: These are both lines from the.
Kostadis Roussos: He doesn't. He blows up. Alright. Number 1 dies.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary: Those will be fines.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just get rid of him from the road, right?
Kostadis Roussos: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: How do I delete row?
David Mendenhall: Alright, twig twig… oh, Vine is gone. Vine is gone.
Gary: Yeah, all the items are gone.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they get to… they're turned to attack, right? Hold on.
David Mendenhall: or twist.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Yes, this one attacks.
Kostadis Roussos: And attacks,
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, they do, they can move, because they can go through here. Okay, so this guy moves over here, and attacks,
Kostadis Roussos: Actually…
David Mendenhall: How did they get in?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a diagonal move through here.
Gary: It could move to Iglink.
David Mendenhall: No, because they're small?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's a… well, no, because we do… we've played with diagonal moves through doors for… since forever, right? So there's a door…
Kostadis Roussos: And they're small. They're very small.
David Mendenhall: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and they're small. Alright, so he will swing, it will, it will.
Gary: It will get hit by an attack of opportunity from Brewbarry.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, roll to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: And it blows up.
David Mendenhall: Does it cause damage when it explodes?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I tried.
Wade Brown: It's a fine… fine mist of sawdust is, I think, what he means.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary: Yes, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sorry.
Gary: Okay, keep going… sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just… I already deleted it, trust me. Alright, he claws at you.
Kostadis Roussos: It does 3 points of damage, Soma.
Wade Brown: Oh, no…
Kostadis Roussos: Not my temperature.
Wade Brown: 38 points.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I know.
Wade Brown: Well, it's down to 18 temps, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so this one climbs on top of the other one and tries to attack you. The 20… what is their attack?
Wade Brown: Turning into a Voltron here?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's just, D20 is… plus 3. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And Mrs.
Wade Brown: That's a whiff.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me share.
Wade Brown: Sure, my AC's above 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, I'm sure about that. 1, 2, 3… okay, this guy over here comes over here, and he will attack you. He, like, claws his bites, and what's your AC?
Wade Brown: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's another mess. So, all you… you've got these, like, 3 little anchor biters going…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, to your… to your…
Wade Brown: I can handle that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, your bear thing, you're kind of, like, looking at it, and for the moment… for a moment, it almost feels funny. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who's next?
Kostadis Roussos: Valphine, you're up.
Gary: Got it. I'm sure we've got some better spells here, so hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gary: Great.
Gary: I'm gonna cast Doom Sphere into the room.
Kostadis Roussos: What does that do?
David Mendenhall: Really?
Gary: Sure, why not?
David Mendenhall: Seems like overkill.
Wade Brown: Hey, if it's worth doing, it's worth overdoing.
Gary: There's an acre in there somewhere.
Wade Brown: It would be lightning bolts.
Gary: Alright, so basically it creates a sphere of inky fog within the range.
Gary: It's magical darkness.
Gary: I edit.
Gary: Each turn, Creatures inside take 5d6 psychic damage.
Gary: And then the sphere moves 10 feet away from me at the start of each of my turns.
Gary: And so I'm gonna cast it? I'm gonna cast it, you know, from here through the door.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, where? So, I know.
David Mendenhall: drive.
Kostadis Roussos: safe.
Gary: 20-foot radius, which is…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, just places.
Kostadis Roussos: Destroy.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to know what happens, you… I can't…
Gary: So, like, 20-foot radius is, like.
Gary: The whole inside of the room, pretty much.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, let me just make this easy.
Kostadis Roussos: There. Move the green circle.
Gary: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: No, it's… the green circle is,
Kostadis Roussos: 15, 15.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, 20 is this.
Gary: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Problem is… you create a 20-foot radius… yes, but your problem is you can only put it at the place where you can see, so you…
David Mendenhall: It would be maybe right there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that would.
Gary: No, that's good, that's good, that's good.
Kostadis Roussos: That's good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, so we can safely eliminate all the creatures.
David Mendenhall: Yay!
Gary: Well, they could make a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they can't, because it's half damage, right?
Gary: On a floor.
David Mendenhall: Roll, roll… it's 5D… roll 5D6.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so unless you roll 8.
David Mendenhall: Go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: 7.
David Mendenhall: Seven. There you go, half damage, they're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're, they're, they, they are all dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on, he's dead. And now let me just see what happens to the anchorite.
Kostadis Roussos: What is the saying throw?
Gary: It's in the…
David Mendenhall: Wisdom saying it's your DC.
Kostadis Roussos: And he blows the saving throw, so he takes 5.
David Mendenhall: teen.
David Mendenhall: But he's dead, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Dave's character died. No, he didn't. Yes, he did. No, no, Dave's character is a beloved character of mine, and he does not die. And he died? Nope, he doesn't die. And he can't be resurrected. No, no, no.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I'd be okay with death. It's alright.
David Mendenhall: If you want to kill.
Kostadis Roussos: But I'.
Wade Brown: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, yeah, man, like… No, Dave's character died. Okay.
David Mendenhall: Is that how it works? The DM just makes a ruling? You're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that she's not. She is one of the gods of fate.
David Mendenhall: Yes, I am.
Kostadis Roussos: I am the god of everything! No, no, you're one of the gods of fate, but we've already established there are… there's… Well, I mean, he died. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, it's dead. Alright, do you, there's the room to the east that.
David Mendenhall: Gaza!
Kostadis Roussos: Soma, did you try to squeeze through the door?
Wade Brown: I'm allowed.
Gary: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no.
Gary: My.
Kostadis Roussos: ruling on… my ruling on black pieces is…
Wade Brown: 5 feet, will you move?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because…
Wade Brown: I don't see an anchorite in here.
Gary: I don't think you want to be on there right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, great.
Wade Brown: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: No, there's a gap… no, the anchorite's dead.
Wade Brown: Oh, right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: The anchorite is dead.
Wade Brown: Right, so we're… we're clear, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. Well, no, there's the gas that you have to wait for.
Gary: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Gary: Let's, let's look down here.
Gary: Nobody.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you want… are you gonna go there?
Wade Brown: Alright. Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Who opens the door?
Gary: So what?
Kostadis Roussos: Just… just claw.
Wade Brown: out the door, I don't know, smash.
Gary: Open.
Wade Brown: Right there.
Gary: Bears have thumbs.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Well, I mean, I know dip bears can open doors.
David Mendenhall: Door are we opening? I can open our door.
Kostadis Roussos: There.
David Mendenhall: That one?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh…
David Mendenhall: I did it. Soma's in the way.
David Mendenhall: I'll go.
Gary: Business server has turned. Somebody gets to open it.
Kostadis Roussos: Tom, are you opening the door?
Wade Brown: Open door.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. This room was once a bedchamber, kitchen, and dining room rolled into one. Four beds stand along the south wall, with shuttered windows and nightstands between them. Against the west wall are four wardrobes and a cabinet full of plain dishware and cutlery.
Kostadis Roussos: Four chairs surround a small dining table in the northeast corner, and a trestle table strewn with pots and cooking utensils stands near a blackened fireplace. All the furnishings are made of wood. The ceilings in the southeast corner of the room has collapsed, filling the area below with debris, leaving a jagged hole through which the room above is visible.
Gary: I assume it's Southwest.
David Mendenhall: Room above.
Wade Brown: So this is a.
David Mendenhall: It goes up.
Wade Brown: ceiling collapsed.
Kostadis Roussos: Can we climb up.
Kostadis Roussos: There was a stairway over there, man.
Wade Brown: But I can… I have clients.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're gonna climb up?
Wade Brown: Yeah, why not?
Kostadis Roussos: Sounds good, dude. Okay.
Wade Brown: I've got a 30-foot climb, I think I can make it one story.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm just… I'm just…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just… just asking myself what you're… what's your… that's fine. Alright. So you climb up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm going to… hold on.
Wade Brown: Yeah, go ahead and move me so I don't, like, cheat anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because I've, you know, after all of my careful planning and plotting. Alright, here we go. Blah blah blah… Alright, this room has… was claimed by hostile orcs in league with, the Cult of Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: They're not here.
Wade Brown: empty.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, I mean, you just killed them all.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Or they escaped, or, you know. That definitely no longer, do you tell your crew what's going on, or do you keep exploring?
Wade Brown: I mean, I can't really tell them in this form.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you could, you know, make noises.
Wade Brown: I mean, I can roar at them, they don't… they don't get anything. I'm gonna continue exploring.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Wade Brown: I probably only have… how much movement was this? I probably only have, like, 20 more movement.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you want to keep going?
Wade Brown: I'll reach the end of the hall, that's as far as I can go with the dash, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So that's where you are. This is corridor is enclosed by 2 double doors and 4 open windows.
Kostadis Roussos: You can easily sidestep the ivy growing through the windows.
Kostadis Roussos: To the east, that's from the tree. You can sort of… yeah, I don't know if you can see this tree here.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And the IV on the other side. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's, that's what you, that, that's what you, see. Alright, what did the rest of you do?
Gary: I think it's Brewbarry.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it is.
Gary: So, sorry, let's put blueberry, and then…
Gary: To go back up… go upstairs here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: It goes up.
Gary: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. No, that's fine. And he… well, I'll just bring him over there.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Brewbarry tries to climb up the stairs, right? So, as he's trying to… fortunately, he was the last person you wanted to be climbing up those stairs. Let's see what happened. The staircase, its upper half has been weakened to the extent that it collapses under 50 pounds or more weight. Make a decent…
Wade Brown: I can do.
Kostadis Roussos: C15, DC17 Dexterity check. I'm sorry, the brewberry's a little bit too big here.
Kostadis Roussos: I make a decent fit.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: It was the wine. It was the wine. He was drunk.
David Mendenhall: He walked up the stairs, he stumbled…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: brewery.
David Mendenhall: Do we need that?
Kostadis Roussos: So you fall on 3… 3 spikes, each spike does 6… 3D6. So you get… you take… you fall… you fall and take 14 points of damage, and the stairs are completely… the stairs are trashed.
Kostadis Roussos: The stairs are trashed.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and just to make that…
David Mendenhall: Aretha would have died.
Kostadis Roussos: And you are no longer raging.
Kostadis Roussos: Because you didn't attach.
Gary: P.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Gary: But he can use a bonus action to continue rage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Yes, but at the end for his next round.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you can start raging now.
Gary: Bonus action to sustain the rage, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, you can.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, does… do you end your… does it… does Rage end at the end of the turn? I think it's at the end of the… if it's at the end of the turn.
David Mendenhall: It's at the end of the turn, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the start of your next turn, you can start raging.
Gary: Okay, keep going.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you can go… you can go…
David Mendenhall: We're doing initiative… we're still doing initiative work?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's like, we can stop here. Now, you're all… you've all… you can all now, sort of, like, the initiative is over, so the combat is over.
Wade Brown: there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what would you like to do? So, you've got Brewbarry, who's fallen here, Soma, who's gotten up the stairs, Valphine, do you go inside here?
Gary: I think I'll go down here after I dismiss my… until after I'm convinced that I can safely dismiss the doom fog.
Wade Brown: Hey.
Kostadis Roussos: You can definitely… you can definitely safely dismiss it, I'm just saying, are you going to look inside, or are you just gonna safely dismiss it?
Gary: I think I want to do a listening perception check to make sure there's nothing still moving.
Kostadis Roussos: There's nothing still moving.
Wade Brown: You just hear me tromping on the ground, or the level.
David Mendenhall: There's another room over there, too.
Gary: Yeah, there's…
David Mendenhall: Or maybe 2 rooms.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, you're continuing to explore. Hold on, because I just want to describe to you what you see here. This chamber and its surroundings is too precise for
Kostadis Roussos: or an anachorate.
Kostadis Roussos: Ritual.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: There are copper robs, which are hammered into ruins, ruined walls, and the foundations of the manse.
Kostadis Roussos: You notice there are talos prayers rewritten as timing instructions.
Gary: as timing instructions.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, they're written on parchment scraps, tacked to the lintels, the verbs are imperative.
Kostadis Roussos: You notice that there are boar tusks wrapped in copper wire.
Kostadis Roussos: And there's blackened iron nails in the lightning bolt.
Kostadis Roussos: Symbol.
Kostadis Roussos: The, the lightning bolt, it's…
Gary: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: The lightning bolt itself is too geometric.
Gary: Too geometric, okay.
Gary: Right.
Wade Brown: Perfect.
Gary: Is it dangerous to go inside, is my question.
Gary: With a Canadian design.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what, what did you ask, was it…
Gary: With an arcana of 9, do I think it's dangerous to go inside?
Kostadis Roussos: No. We do not think it is dangerous to go inside. This is simply…
Gary: Continue on my way in.
Kostadis Roussos: You continue on your way in. Alright. Do you call… do you call… do any of your allies follow him, or is Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: No, I went to Brewbarry, because he fell on the stairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha is right behind you.
Gary: Yeah, okay, that makes sense.
Kostadis Roussos: Provision… I think Pruda's, like.
Kostadis Roussos: Pruda looks at the, the ritual and is… looks a little bit confused.
Gary: Okay.
Gary: What do you see, Prutha?
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at it and he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Rich… he doesn't… he just noticed… he has a feeling that something is off, but he's not… he can't articulate it.
Gary: Okay. Well, I tell him it's safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, he goes, he goes, I safe for… I… I make things safe for Cleric of Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're gonna… alright, Wade, while you're doing that, I mean, you're… what… are you gonna open the door?
Wade Brown: Yep, and continue moving around.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're gonna continue open… moving around, and we will stop here, because, of course, you opened the door, and shit went ill.
Wade Brown: Aww.
Wade Brown: How bad?
Kostadis Roussos: So you… well, so what happens is you step inside, and then…
Gary: All through the floor.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
David Mendenhall: Oh, that's, that's up, not down.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: It's a hole in the ceiling, not the floor.
Gary: It isn't.
Gary: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's okay. Alright, three… oh yeah, so what happens is, as you step inside here, 3 sturges drop on you.
David Mendenhall: Stirge?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're blood-sucking… Yeah, so let me just see.
David Mendenhall: It's not showing up in the.
Kostadis Roussos: That's because I haven't, let me give you a second, Stirge.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, not in the compendium.
Kostadis Roussos: Here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, it's not… oh, here we go. There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Shoto players.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so these things and, GM layer. Alright, so 3 sturges fall on you.
David Mendenhall: Spelled it wrong, that's the problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's not what I wanted, but…
Kostadis Roussos: You can see the, tokens, right?
David Mendenhall: Wow, they've got…
Kostadis Roussos: Sweet.
David Mendenhall: 2 hit points.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean, they're…
David Mendenhall: cuddling.
Wade Brown: I only have 2 attacks, and there's 3 of them, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, so they, they fall on you, and we will stop, we'll start next week. Alright?
Wade Brown: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We will… alright, cool. I hope you enjoyed today's session. Even if it… even if it did have a curious flashback.
David Mendenhall: Well, etc.
Gary: Plenty of, KP, you know, like, visitations, so it's totally fine to get the other… other… I'm looking forward to seeing what Bayard does.
Kostadis Roussos: He does not have a role in this.
Gary: No. Okay, well, because it would be great to have Byron by when, Stefan is here.
Kostadis Roussos: That would be good. That would be… Yes, it would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, now, now, now I have to find a way to work it in.
David Mendenhall: And you should speak actual French, too.
Wade Brown: No, you should speak offensive French, like, just put on a really bad accent.
David Mendenhall: Oh, well, no.
David Mendenhall: times, but he actually could speak French, and he had someone who can understand him speaking French, so, like, it's an opportunity.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright guys, it was great hanging out with you.
Kostadis Roussos: Goodnight.